Shawn Phalen: Hey,
Randy McWilliams: How you doing,
Randy McWilliams: How are you doing great, actually.
Yeah.
Randy McWilliams: I'm speaking to you from the comfort of my new apartment that I moved into my girlfriend.
Randy McWilliams: Yeah, we just moved in over the weekend.
Shawn Phalen: That's amazing. I can't
Randy McWilliams: Found something. I know. Well, you know, we found this place about a month ago and we really liked it but we just weren't sure about jumping into something. It was like one of the first places that we looked at.
Randy McWilliams: And we also weren't sure with our, you know, financial status if we'd qualify
Randy McWilliams: But the guy got back to us the property manager and they were interested in leasing to us so
Randy McWilliams: We said, what the heck we at least tried the application. See where we stand and relaxing. So we moved in. So it's very exciting.
Shawn Phalen: Last
Shawn Phalen: Week. We're like what area.
Randy McWilliams: Did you guys, same, same general area where we both for
Randy McWilliams: Yeah, actually pretty much meeting in the middle of
Randy McWilliams: Where we were living so still near our old homes.
Randy McWilliams: Old friends near work so
Randy McWilliams: And the price was right.
Randy McWilliams: In this area, finding an affordable place that we could essentially split, we know
Randy McWilliams: It's gonna work out perfectly be, you know,
Randy McWilliams: I asked.
Shawn Phalen: You guys, you must have found it like right after you and I met last time.
Randy McWilliams: Yeah, I think so. I don't even remember if we were talking about this.
Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: You said that you were
Randy McWilliams: Yeah, that we were looking. Wow. Yeah. So yeah, it must have been it must have been after that.
Randy McWilliams: It's all happened very quickly for us.
Randy McWilliams: Thank you. It's a
Randy McWilliams: New Adventures, you know, a fantastic person that I really, really care about. So I
Randy McWilliams: That this past year has been so enormously.
Randy McWilliams: Gratifying and
Randy McWilliams: I just feel so lucky. The way this past year after
Randy McWilliams: Such destructive behavior has turned out, you know, I think I've tried things
Randy McWilliams: I've taken a different approach.
Randy McWilliams: This time around, and no I have someone to
Randy McWilliams: You know really who's in recovery. You know, I know. So we're supportive of each other and
Randy McWilliams: I just feel so lucky you know blast is grateful.
Shawn Phalen: It's really amazing.
Randy McWilliams: Like it yeah really do the right thing.
Randy McWilliams: I mean, even if you don't
Shawn Phalen: Ever
Really
Life changing
Randy McWilliams: I know
Everything is just really falling into place for you.
Randy McWilliams: Surely has you know i i think
Randy McWilliams: Well, I know that. Do you know doing this through bright heart has been a monumental help for me.
Randy McWilliams: You know that's one facet of my life, where
Randy McWilliams: You know, I always had a hard time letting go of that even if I could like quitting drinking for a while, I would have a hard time letting go of other things which always lead to disruptive.
Randy McWilliams: More and more and more. So this starting with this. And then, you know, I was doing a religiously, up until the cobra thing up. And so that's kind of thrown me off track with the zoom, actually, you know, my girlfriend does zoom meetings.
Randy McWilliams: Pretty very regularly and last night.
Randy McWilliams: We tuned into a
Randy McWilliams: Young People's meeting there was 500 people on zoom for this meeting. And it was really, really something to see people from all over the country.
Randy McWilliams: All over the world. I saw some New Zealand's and there
Randy McWilliams: It was amazing. You know, so we're still connected, we can still be connected, you know,
Shawn Phalen: And I'm glad that you're doing the meeting.
Randy McWilliams: Susie, even though it's really different. Yeah. When you're in the rooms. When you know when you're
In person I know it is. But it's what you got.
What you got, and working with God. So
Shawn Phalen: Fantastic, and
Shawn Phalen: Right.
Randy McWilliams: Yeah, yeah. I still in in touch.
Randy McWilliams: Mainly through phone have done a couple of Zoom's but yeah I miss that I definitely miss that.
Randy McWilliams: You know, in person.
Randy McWilliams: Experience, you know, there's definitely something to that in this
Randy McWilliams: When it comes to you know recovery and meetings based around recovery, but you know it's it's a perfectly
Randy McWilliams: Adequate band aid.
Randy McWilliams: For not having that
Randy McWilliams: Doing the zoom meeting staying in touch.
Randy McWilliams: And so yeah, I look forward to being able to get back to that.
Randy McWilliams: But you know, it's been working
Randy McWilliams: It's been working just fine.
Shawn Phalen: What's the situation with with here. We're like, are you still are you
Randy McWilliams: Crazy. Yeah. So we're considered essential employees down there. We're under the Contra Costa County Health Services banner.
Randy McWilliams: So first and foremost, our homeless program is a
Randy McWilliams: Is a clinic essentially for physical well being and mental health. Right. Can we work
Randy McWilliams: You know, in that under that title. So what we do is just sort of maintain shelter for these folks who come in out of the cold and get connected with
Randy McWilliams: You know, county health care and and mental health care. So I don't know. I think I shared with you that we had moved everyone into a hotel.
Randy McWilliams: Yeah. Um, so we have taken we have essentially 225 people from three different shelters in one hotel here right in town close to where I'm living so
Randy McWilliams: It's been crazy. It's been manageable. You know, just as manageable. The hotel.
Randy McWilliams: As it was under one roof at the shelter, but it's a lot more work for staff. There's no case management said essentially are very little because you know all of the agencies welfare Social Security etc are just doing things over the phone or on line.
Randy McWilliams: So there's no going with folks to those offices. So it's really just frontline work or serving meals to 225 people in the mail truck comes and
Randy McWilliams: We're trying to maintain the shelter in place. Yeah, the mask on at all times. But people come and go, you know that cats out of the bag.
Randy McWilliams: So it's not like we could every more than to a hotel room and no one's come out of the hotel room, you know, so
Randy McWilliams: Kind of crazy.
Shawn Phalen: City paying the hotel.
Randy McWilliams: Yeah, yeah, exactly, you know the the funding that came through the grant funding that came through.
Randy McWilliams: Ultimately from
Randy McWilliams: Shelters and local government.
Randy McWilliams: Went from funding the shelter to pay for this hotel. So there was some emergency
Randy McWilliams: Federal money going out to all cities essentially bring
Randy McWilliams: A homeless populations and on the street. During this Kobe to shelter place to stop the spread
Shawn Phalen: So you guys are still pretty much shelter new place non essential businesses or social turn in place, right.
Randy McWilliams: That's right. Yeah, I'm going to work my girlfriend works. She does work for a licensed conservator geriatric care. So she's going in a few days a week and does other work.
Randy McWilliams: considered essential, as do I.
Randy McWilliams: Yeah, but everyone else's essentially sheltered in place.
Shawn Phalen: And are you feeling like you're feeling like
Randy McWilliams: You've got a massive
Randy McWilliams: It's a great question. And the short answer is yes.
Randy McWilliams: There's still a lot of dangers, there's still a lot of interaction.
Randy McWilliams: There's it's far less dangerous than working in under one roof.
Randy McWilliams: As I did with
Randy McWilliams: Over 100 people homeless clients plus staff.
Randy McWilliams: You know all working in close proximity. So in that way, you know, wearing protective gear masks and continuing to wash after any interaction.
Randy McWilliams: It is a, it's a little safer. I feel a little safer, but
Randy McWilliams: And then not and then working there and going home to 1616 other people in the silver thing is what I was doing and
Randy McWilliams: You know my girlfriend shared that as well. Also,
Randy McWilliams: moving in together.
Randy McWilliams: You know, we're essentially shelter in place so she actually got tested.
Randy McWilliams: Yeah, last we thank God was
Randy McWilliams: Just before we move into
Randy McWilliams: That I haven't been tested yet. You know, I, I probably could. I certainly work.
Randy McWilliams: In an environment that would no doubt say yes, but
Randy McWilliams: You know, I haven't shown any symptoms and I haven't had direct contact with anyone who's known to have code. So thanks to do it. Yeah, not necessary, is what they told me
Randy McWilliams: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: The grass. Yeah, um,
Shawn Phalen: How are you doing, though, like with everything else. I mean, I'm sure you're happy you're working and you know you're able to get out and about.
Randy McWilliams: Four days on and on some hands. Right. Well, it's interesting. It's interesting when moving in here over the weekend.
Randy McWilliams: You know, I have this moment was like you know we're in our own place now.
Randy McWilliams: I'm not accountable to a house full of other people under the sober living environment, you know, that's that crossed my mind yet.
Randy McWilliams: But I have mean I've just been so busy obviously moving in and my taken a couple days off work to move in. But I still have school I have class tonight through zoom
Randy McWilliams: And
Randy McWilliams: You know, although my girlfriend and I support each other. Yeah, I mean that totally crossed my mind that intrusive thinking of a man
Randy McWilliams: Living on your own. Now you could easily go get a beer or whatever. It's like, I've just played that tape over and over
Randy McWilliams: You know, it's not like it had obsessive thoughts all weekend about it, but across my mind and what came first thing that came to mind was, I know exactly how I feel.
Randy McWilliams: You know, if I went out and had some drinks and then stopped taking the Suboxone and see what else is out there.
Randy McWilliams: It's a nightmare. I KNOW WHAT'S WAITING. If I do that.
Shawn Phalen: You know i think that i think that
Shawn Phalen: Even that's kind of a normal
Shawn Phalen: Normal feeling a normal thought in a way because you change your changing your
Randy McWilliams: In your environment. Right. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: From what you've been doing for
Randy McWilliams: Right here now, right. That's right. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So you're taking you're you're moving into a completely different environment, one that you want to be in. Right.
Randy McWilliams: Right, one that you've earned
Randy McWilliams: One that you've worked really hard for right
Shawn Phalen: So I think that you know that that's the alcoholic addict mind.
Randy McWilliams: Totally
Shawn Phalen: That you go that just you know popped into your head.
Randy McWilliams: Yeah, you know, and
Randy McWilliams: As long as it wasn't telling you to go to the bar which is not open, but there's shackling water, you know, like
Shawn Phalen: You know, always as long as that voice is not saying, Oh, I can just take I could just have you on
Right.
Shawn Phalen: Now you're going to stay on top of that, you're gonna you're gonna wrap yourself out.
Randy McWilliams: You can tell your girlfriend. You can tell you
Shawn Phalen: You know, you tell somebody about it because then when you call somebody about it. It takes the power out of it.
Randy McWilliams: Yeah you're right about that. You're absolutely right about that.
Randy McWilliams: It's interesting because I didn't share
Randy McWilliams: With her that that crossed my mind.
Randy McWilliams: And I, and I'm going to, I should
Shawn Phalen: I mean, if you don't tell her you tell your sponsor.
Randy McWilliams: You know, yeah, I'm like, if it's gonna
Randy McWilliams: She's gonna get really freaked out. She's out if she's gonna be like
Shawn Phalen: You know, then, you know, think about who you want to share this with even though
Randy McWilliams: You just what counts as you're sharing it, and you're talking about aim, you're telling another person right it doesn't necessarily have to be your girlfriend.
Shawn Phalen: I mean, you already told me, but yeah I
Shawn Phalen: Think it's a good idea to tell your sponsor and if you have more of this thoughts, you know, you can call me text me whatever you know you're just staying on top. This is no this is new. So now this is the next step. This is the next stage in your
Shawn Phalen: In your sobriety.
Randy McWilliams: Yeah, this, this is what this is.
What you've earned
You know you are in there.
Shawn Phalen: So it's, it's about, you know, you know, to need to do you know you do your zoom meetings you talk to your sponsor.
Randy McWilliams: Go to work at useful. You keep things very simple soccer like Hayden.
Randy McWilliams: That's when it gets dangerous.
Shawn Phalen: You know, it just doesn't have to be like this. So,
Randy McWilliams: You're in a row right you're you're an adult and you're acting like an adult and you're you're living
Randy McWilliams: Like your age.
Shawn Phalen: Thing here your, you know, your adult date and
Randy McWilliams: Right. Right. Yes.
This is what this is life.
Randy McWilliams: Yeah, it's almost it's only taken me to get near the age of 50 to finally try to level out and feel like I'm finally adult thing.
Randy McWilliams: Because I tell you the past God 10 years as just an absolute spiraling roller coaster of
Randy McWilliams: Misery and relapse after relapse and
Randy McWilliams: Just God but and I never
Randy McWilliams: I don't think about it too much. I think probably that keep it simple and just
Randy McWilliams: Mentality and just keep going. I'm here now.
Randy McWilliams: In this moment, everything starts right this sucker. The next step, the next choice is what's going to lead to
Randy McWilliams: What happens yellow consequences.
Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Alright, so
Randy McWilliams: Yeah, graduations, like, that's amazing. If it's a big step. Yeah.
Randy McWilliams: It's up to us. I know.
Shawn Phalen: Like are you are you having stress or anxiety or you just
Randy McWilliams: Know, you know, I think there was some some thinking, you know, I mean we've both been in supportive environments. And I think that's probably crossed her mind like he she does. But he, I think the timing has been perfect. I think the timing is right.
Randy McWilliams: And we're both in a place where we're ready to move forward and and to enjoy life together.
Randy McWilliams: You know and do things together and try different things and
Randy McWilliams: It's a big thing. It's a big life changing move for us.
Shawn Phalen: And congratulations. Thank you. So you get another month
Randy McWilliams: Yeah, let's do that. Perfect.
Shawn Phalen: June 1
Randy McWilliams: That works.
Shawn Phalen: 630
Randy McWilliams: Yeah, let's do it all. Put it in the calendar.
All right.
Shawn Phalen: Okay. Well, enjoy your place.
Randy McWilliams: Thank you, Sean. Appreciate it. For sure.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, I'm so excited for you.
Randy McWilliams: Thank you.
Shawn Phalen: All right, talk soon.
Randy McWilliams: All right.
Shawn Phalen: Hey,
Shawn Phalen: How are you
Minh Triet Vu: Good, I'm good. I'm great. How are you, I'm sorry about last time. Oh, that's okay. Did you
Minh Triet Vu: Did you forget me. No, no, no, no. I did not please don't say that.
Minh Triet Vu: I did not. I did not know forget, but somehow I while I was waiting for you. I thought
Minh Triet Vu: Maybe I had enough time for shower.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah, and I did.
Minh Triet Vu: So I did have a shower and then it was so relaxing.
Minh Triet Vu: And then, oh, I lost. Yeah, I lost track of time and when, when I finished it's already pass the time for the appointment and I apologize. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Tommy
Minh Triet Vu: I'm sorry what was that
Shawn Phalen: Tell me, tell me how you been
Minh Triet Vu: Oh, I have been pretty calm, I think. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: And tell me why you think
Minh Triet Vu: I don't know.
Minh Triet Vu: Maybe because
Minh Triet Vu: I actually encounter a crisis. Okay. Well, I have been pretty calm. It's not about me, it's about my family.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah. So my parents. You know, I live alone right but it's not. It's, it's not the case for my. It's not a case for for my parents, though, and they day. Wait.
Minh Triet Vu: can hang on one second. Sure.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah. Sorry, I'm actually
Minh Triet Vu: At a place that my parents are staying in right now. I'm helping them moving
Minh Triet Vu: Stuff.
Minh Triet Vu: They used to. They used to live with.
Minh Triet Vu: A relative of ours. But right now, things change.
Minh Triet Vu: And they had to move and that's why I'm here helping them with the moving
Minh Triet Vu: And
Minh Triet Vu: They have been received a lot of stress, but
Minh Triet Vu: I'm pretty calm about this. Maybe one part of it because I'm not living here and living somewhere else.
Minh Triet Vu: But I do feel I do feel the stress that they are receiving and somehow, somehow I feel like an effective because everything has been very logical. Yeah, though. Yeah, you know, the pandemic ever. Everyone is scared so as they stop please stop wanting to share house with
Minh Triet Vu: People who are not who are not directly toes.
Minh Triet Vu: So that's why I think that's why my parents had to move out.
Minh Triet Vu: And
Where are they moving
Minh Triet Vu: To another house.
You know,
Minh Triet Vu: Oh yes, they don't have enough, they don't have enough income to
Minh Triet Vu: To actually rent a house in this area in San Jose, they're living in San Jose. So they had to sort of stay with
Minh Triet Vu: All right, relatives always because they don't have enough income.
Okay.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: So the relative that they're living with were they afraid of getting sick. Is that what happened.
Minh Triet Vu: Yes. And the reaction that I think the reaction were quite severe.
Minh Triet Vu: I mean it's it's okay to be scared. Everyone is scared, I think. Everyone is scared, but it's not okay to be so scared that asked to act out violently, and
Minh Triet Vu: In certain
Minh Triet Vu: Circumstances, and I think it's better for everyone.
Minh Triet Vu: It's better for everyone's that things are now as they are. Okay, well I do worry, I am I am very worried, but somehow I I feel very calm about all this because it's been very logical and it's not as if
Minh Triet Vu: Things happen for no reason at all.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah, okay.
Shawn Phalen: So are you say you're very scared. What do you very scared about
Minh Triet Vu: I'm not scared about the pandemic, particularly, and I'm not scared about dying or getting infected, but I'm scared about how people reactions may somehow get out of control.
Minh Triet Vu: For once I yeah for once. I see what happens with my parents and I thought to myself, oh gosh
Minh Triet Vu: People can really react in such a way. Yeah. And that surprised me.
Minh Triet Vu: And also, I also a friend of a friend of mine share a video people people walk down the street and protests because they refuse to be
Minh Triet Vu: And they refuse to stay quarantine.
Minh Triet Vu: And
Minh Triet Vu: That's also that's also a surprise to me because they somehow ignore the FDA over off the community to prioritize their own
Minh Triet Vu: Freedom.
Minh Triet Vu: Right. So that's what I'm scared I'm scared of how
Minh Triet Vu: You know, people how people react in when a crisis actually hit them.
Minh Triet Vu: And in the midst of the panic. Our people around me. I feel pretty calm, for some reason.
Shawn Phalen: You feel you are relatively safe, even though we have this pandemic going around and
Shawn Phalen: Yes, yeah.
Minh Triet Vu: The safe one factor is that I stay home almost all the time because I like it. I like to stay home all the time. Exactly. And so
Shawn Phalen: Your anxiety has not been as
Minh Triet Vu: No other people's right. Actually, there has been zero thing answers feeling since we last talked
Minh Triet Vu: And not not even not even depression. I don't even sing anything about the sad things because somehow, somehow I watch all the madness happening around and I feel. Oh, okay. I guess I don't have time to think about my own feelings.
Minh Triet Vu: Because, yeah.
Shawn Phalen: So it's kind of like you're an outsider looking in with some of this stuff.
Minh Triet Vu: Yes. Yes, exactly. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: And so what's what I'm hearing is that you're looking at this as a very in a logical way.
Minh Triet Vu: I think so, yeah.
And I think that's also
I think that's very smart to do. And I think that's also what keeps you feeling safe.
Is because your logical about this.
And if you're if you're avoiding social situations you doing social distancing and washing our hands or staying home.
Then your chances of catching the virus are very small.
Minh Triet Vu: So you're doing what is the logical thing to do.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah.
Minh Triet Vu: Are you still taking medication. Yes, I do.
Do you feel the medications, helping
Minh Triet Vu: I actually don't know anymore.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah, I mean, so taking it because it's not it's not safe to start right. I think so.
Minh Triet Vu: I agree.
Minh Triet Vu: Okay, that's one thing. And then the other thing is I do feel, I do want to to go back to school, so
Minh Triet Vu: I know continue medication will help me.
Minh Triet Vu: Getting there.
Minh Triet Vu: And you're gonna be the witness and you're gonna have to write it down for me that I've been taking medication Pingree have been good.
Minh Triet Vu: And
Minh Triet Vu: Let's put the joke aside and
Minh Triet Vu: I think the main reason is because when everything when everything is is messy. I do want to at least myself. Stay discipline.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah, it's always. It's always one thing that I want. I think
Minh Triet Vu: I think a long time ago before all this I think discipline can make people happy.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah.
I think you had discipline.
But I think it got
Shawn Phalen: I think it got a little bit confused for you because I think that
You remember we talked about how when you
When you were in school.
You were you tend, you were tending to over like doing extra work right.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah.
Minh Triet Vu: And when you when you did that extra work.
You're up for a couple of days trying to get at all. Finish.
Minh Triet Vu: And then that kicked you into a manic phase and then
You collapse because you're so tired. And so this is where the medication is going to really help you
And it's going to help with the the mania, it's going to help with the ups and the downs.
Shawn Phalen: So, um, you know, the goal is to where you start back at school and you don't get so
Like hyper focused and overwhelmed with all the work that you have to do.
And then not feeling like you have to over do
Think that's where caught you. We've got a little bit tricky for you this when you were trying to overdo which
Shawn Phalen: You know, which is very ambitious. That's just how you are. Anyways, you know, you're very ambitious new very hardworking
So,
Shawn Phalen: That's right, it's not safe to stop the medication.
Minh Triet Vu: somehow, somehow I have, I have a hunch that
Minh Triet Vu: When we when we meet regularly right like this you're trying, you're trying to you're trying to encourage me to explore myself and I do feel I do feel very grateful about that and
Minh Triet Vu: When I do when I do take a serious look at myself and I see. Oh.
Minh Triet Vu: So discipline is one of the things that I think is my redeeming trade. Yes. I think it's makes me. It makes me it, it separates me from other people. It's something that I can hang on to in order to stay
Minh Triet Vu: Unique exclusive maybe
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah, so I i just so when I found when I found when I found out about that. I tried to hang on to it even more.
Minh Triet Vu: And again it I think discipline itself is making me happy.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah I list the things out and then I complete them.
Minh Triet Vu: In
Minh Triet Vu: India amount of time that
Minh Triet Vu: I think is sufficient enough for me to complete them. And once that happen once I achieved that I can happy.
Minh Triet Vu: Great. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: So tell me some things that you've been staying busy doing what are some things that you've been doing
Minh Triet Vu: For once, I am helping with my parents because they are there are our jobs right now because of the pandemic. So I'm helping them and helping them asking for
Minh Triet Vu: You know, emergency insurance. I don't know, it's the amount of money that you can ask for when you're suddenly unemployed because of a crisis. So I'm helping them with that and I just actually I just finished my dad's
Minh Triet Vu: Applications The other day, I don't know the exact date and I'm going to finish my mother's to very, very soon. As soon as she is available, which she is not right now as I can see.
Minh Triet Vu: Yes, so I have been busy quite busy with that and also
Minh Triet Vu: Somehow, a couple of my plans. Suddenly, out of nowhere, getting sick and I have to
Minh Triet Vu: I have to take care of them seriously also
Minh Triet Vu: Hang on one second.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah.
Minh Triet Vu: I do apologize. That was my marsh.
Minh Triet Vu: Are you good
Minh Triet Vu: Good.
Shawn Phalen: So, so you're helping them file for unemployment, then
Minh Triet Vu: Yes, yes. Okay. That's correct. Okay. And how long have they been out of work.
Minh Triet Vu: Um, as far as for my dad's I think it's the start of March.
Minh Triet Vu: And as for my mom. I think she was let go last week.
And then have been moved.
New house.
Minh Triet Vu: Yes, we are actually we are at a new house.
Minh Triet Vu: I mean it's it's not the same place that they used to live in. Okay. This is where they're going to be living now this is where you are. Yes, yes. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: And then are you going to be seen with them.
Minh Triet Vu: No, no, I'm gonna return as long as soon as I finish. So again, there's nothing changed about my current situation, it just my family's situation.
Minh Triet Vu: So I think that's, that's also one of the reason I feel pretty calm, because it's not affecting me directly, but i do i i i am worried about them, actually.
And
Shawn Phalen: Tell me why you're worried
Minh Triet Vu: Well, I mean, it's a new place and and several things may happen again.
Minh Triet Vu: And we don't know it's a
Minh Triet Vu: It's so many there. There are so many unknown factors.
Minh Triet Vu: And I think that we cannot control it. We're going to control everything right. I agree.
Shawn Phalen: So are you concerned about being able to go back to work again.
Minh Triet Vu: Yes, and then
Being happy in this home.
Minh Triet Vu: I'm sorry. Can we get continued this another time.
We want to reschedule for another day.
Minh Triet Vu: Yes, I think they need me right now.
Shawn Phalen: Do you want, do you want to reschedule with me, or do you want to call the call center to reschedule.
Minh Triet Vu: Canada, can, can I reschedule with you right now.
Shawn Phalen: About me at seven o'clock.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah, that if you have anything sooner, let me know. I'm down to anything as soon as possible, and if not dead.
Minh Triet Vu: Because this is that's the soonest I have is that 87. Yes. Yeah. So let's, let's go. Let's yeah let's please put me down for that date and also
Minh Triet Vu: Allow me to allow me to remind you again that yes I do need to add documents from you. Pretty soon in order to proceed with
Minh Triet Vu: With the readmission process. Yes.
Minh Triet Vu: Have you contacted admission. Yes. Okay. So you know what you have to do you clean. Yes, I do.
Shawn Phalen: Alright, sounds good on the 18th
Minh Triet Vu: Okay, take care, you too. Bye bye. Thank you so much.